Feature/m0224 fl 124 add event queue pack (#667)
MicroEJ/docs: ApplicationDeveloperGuide/eventQueue.rst

.. note:: 

>    Events can not be sent from the Interrupt Handler unless the VEE Port implementation allows it.

Reviewer: Can we reword into a positive statement ?

```suggestion
   To support sending events from the Interrupt Handler, the VEE Port must provide a compatible implementation.
```

   <dependency org="ej.api" name="event" rev="1.0.0"/>

> To add it to your VEE Port, please follow :ref:`Event Queue <pack_event>` instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this API, your VEE Port must implement a compatible version. Please refer to the :ref:`VEE Porting Guide <pack_event>` to port the Event Queue for your project.
```
